Refactor to improve wording (#2513)
mdx-js/mdx: docs/docs/using-mdx.mdx

Because MDX files *are* components, they can also import each other:

```mdx path="example.mdx"

> import License from './license.mdx' // Assumes an integration is used to compile MDX -> JS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import License from './license.md' // Assumes an integration is used to compile markdown -> JS.
```
